#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra-index-url=https://pypi.nvidia.com --output-file=requirements/gpu-cu12.txt requirements/gpu-cu12.in
#
--extra-index-url https://pypi.nvidia.com

aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fsspec
    #   instructor
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ragas
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
audioop-lts==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langchain-community
datasets==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ragas
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   instructor
    #   ragas
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openai
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   instructor
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
ffmpy==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ragas
gradio==5.44.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
gradio-client==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
groovy==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   safehttpx
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
instructor==1.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ragas
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
    #   instructor
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   instructor
    #   openai
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langchain-community
    #   ragas
langchain-community==0.3.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ragas
langchain-core==0.3.75
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   ragas
langchain-openai==0.3.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ragas
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langchain
langsmith==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-docx
markdown==3.9
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sympy
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   typing-inspect
narwhals==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   plotly
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ragas
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   ragas
    #   rank-bm25
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
openai==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   instructor
    #   langchain-openai
    #   ragas
orjson==3.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
    #   langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   plotly
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
    #   ragas
    #   sentence-transformers
pinecone-client==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pinecone-client
plotly==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   instructor
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   ragas
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   instructor
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langchain-community
pydub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   rich
pypdf==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pandas
    #   pinecone-client
python-docx==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
ragas==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
rank-bm25==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
regex==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   instructor
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langsmith
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   instructor
    #   ragas
    #   typer
ruff==0.12.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
sentence-transformers==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.47.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
structlog==25.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   instructor
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langchain-openai
    #   ragas
tokenizers==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   transformers
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   ragas
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.56.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
typer==0.17.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
    #   instructor
    #   ragas
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gradio-client
    #   uvicorn
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   datasets
yarl==1.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
zstandard==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
